Since I didn't get up and immediately begin working on my evergreen notes, I figured I would do a journal entry instead. I'm leaving for Marquette tomorrow for a few days. Staying in a cabin on the Chocolay River. I think it's just inside of Hiawatha State Forest.

Although I'm bringing my laptop and other electronic devices, my goal is to just use my phone for music or audiobooks and directions. And if I open my laptop, it's just to grab a pdf to send to my kindle to read. I bought some binders, line and graph paper, and will be bringing those along with me for notetaking and sketching.

But I should come up with some goals for my trip. Although I'm primarily going up there to relax, I do want to read the CSDT proposal a few more times to really internalize the proposal. This should include reading the reference material cited within. I should spend some time brainstorming questions so that I can show them to Ron, Kwame and the other guy (Andrew?) on Thursday when I get back.

I also want to read these academic books I got about setting up my office for action, and establishing a good relationship with my mentor(s). I would prefer to do a dissertation through publishing 3 articles. And remember to keep Kwame's advice in mind about trying to get a grant so you can walk in to job interviews with funding.

I have been using vegan protein (pea) powder as a meal replacement for a few weeks now. I'm not really keeping track, but I'm feel like I'm losing some weight. It would likely be more weight, but I haven't increased my physical activity yet. That being said, I would like to get started on a basic training regimen. I saw a video on YouTube (didn't actually watch it, just saw it on there) where a guy goes through his day as a PhD student and he basically gets up at 5 am and works out then ends his evening at 10 pm. That's rigorous, but that's the kind of lifestyle I want to work towards.

So what kind of exercises and I'm thinking about? Basically I just want to focus of alternating between squats and lunges, pushups and pullups, and plank variations. I should do full body strength building every other day and stamina building days in between.

### TAGS
#journal;